legacy links updated (tw 219) (#224)
temporalio/samples-typescript: activities-cancellation-heartbeating/README.md

### Running this sample

> 1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [quick install guide](https://docs.temporal.io/clusters/quick-install)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure Temporal Server is running locally (see the [Dev guide](https://docs.temporal.io/application-development/foundations#run-a-development-cluster)).
```
